-- Text Supplement for SpaceTerror.java --

NOTE:   - If running the version with background music, the compiler
	will issue warnings stating that the API being used is
	being deprecated. Just ignore this and the game compiles 
	successfully.
	- If it is deprecated, use the file without the background music.

Start - the game allows you to move, view inventory, or check status.

	Move - five different things can happen...
	You will randomnly face one of the four enemies in the game,
	or you will be "safe for now" (only a defeated enemy allows you
	to progress through the game)
	
	Inventory - allows you to see all of the items you currently have.
	Is constantly updated to be accurate.
	
	Status - shows the current health and credits you currently have.
	

Battle - After a move that finds an enemy, a battle is initiated.
	five different choices are made available
	
	fight - if you choose the fight option you will attack with your
	base damage set. You always get to attack first, and if the enemy
	dies after you attack, it will not be able to retaliate.
	
	throw grenade - if you have any grenades you will use that damage
	set instead, which is more powerfu than the base damage.
	(game will tell you if you do not have any)
	
	health pack - after choosing you will be prompted to either choose
	from large or small health packs. If you have one or the other the
	appropriate health will be added to your total health.
	(game will tel you if you do not have any)
	
	special item - there is currently only one special item in the game,
	a thermal imploder. It will instantly kill any enemy.
	
	view inventory - allows you to view current inventory, same as in
	the 'move, view inventory, or check status' prompt.
	
	run - there is a small chance that you will be able to run away,
	but you lose the chance to gain any credits or progress through
	the game.
	
	-- After every battle you will earn credits
	
	
Mimic and drop mechanics

	After each battle there is a chance that an enemy will drop a
	grenade, a small health pack, a large health pack, or you will
	encounter a text prompt concerning a briefcase. If the briefcase
	is in 'good condition', it will be empty and the game carries on.
	If its 'handle is broken', and you decide to open it, you will
	be attacked by a 'Mimic' and only be able to fight using your
	base damage set. If you defeat the mimic, it will drop a thermal
	imploder and give you a lot of credits. (very low chance of finding
	a mimic)
	

After winning five battles
	
	The game will progress after five successful battles, and allows
	you to choose from three different 'upgrades'
	
	Special - gives you one thermal imploder (insant kill)
	
	first aid kit - gives you two large health packs
	
	grenade pouch - gives you three grenades

After winning 10 battles

	You will win the game after deafeating ten enemies, and your stats
	will be listed accordingly.
	
	
	
Thank you and Good Luck!